The Artistic License 2.0

Copyright (c) 2000-2006, The Perl Foundation.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

This license establishes the terms under which a given free software Package
may be copied, modified, distributed, and/or redistributed. The intent is that
the Copyright Holder maintains some artistic control over the development of
that Package while still keeping the Package available as open source and free
software.

You are always permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this license
directly with the Copyright Holder of a given Package. If the terms of this
license do not permit the full use that you propose to make of the Package,
you should contact the Copyright Holder and seek a different licensing
arrangement.

Definitions

"Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s) named in the
copyright notice for the entire Package.

"Contributor" means any party that has contributed code or other material to
the Package, in accordance with the Copyright Holder's procedures.

"You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy, distribute, or
modify the Package.

"Package" means the collection of files distributed by the Copyright Holder,
and derivatives of that collection and/or of those files. A given Package may
consist of either the Standard Version, or a Modified Version.

"Distribute" means providing a copy of the Package or making it accessible to
anyone else, or in the case of a company or organization, to others outside of
your company or organization.

"Distributor Fee" means any fee that you charge for Distributing this Package
or providing support for this Package to another party.

"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the right to use the item,
though there may be fees involved in handling the item. It also means that
recipients of the item may redistribute it under the same conditions they
received it.

1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you
duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

2. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications derived
from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder. A Package modified in
such a way shall still be considered the Standard Version.

3. You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way, provided
that you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating how and when
you changed that file, and provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

  (a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
      Freely Available;
  (b) use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization;
  (c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with
      standard executables;
  (d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

4. You may distribute the programs of this Package in object code or
executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

  (a) distribute a Standard Version of the executables and library files,
      together with instructions on where to get the Standard Version;
  (b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
      Package with your modifications;
  (c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, and clearly document
      the differences in manual pages (or equivalent);
  (d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

5. You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this
Package. You may charge any fee you choose for support of this Package.

6. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE END
