Open Software License v. 3.0 (OSL-3.0)

This Open Software License (the "License") applies to any original work of
authorship (the "Original Work") whose owner (the "Licensor") has placed the
following licensing notice adjacent to the copyright notice for the Original
Work:

  Licensed under the Open Software License version 3.0

1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, sublicensable license, for the duration of the copyright, to do
the following:

a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies, either alone or as part of a
collective work;

b) to translate, adapt, alter, transform, modify, or arrange the Original
Work, thereby creating derivative works ("Derivative Works") based upon the
Original Work;

c) to distribute or communicate copies of the Original Work and Derivative
Works to the public, with the proviso that copies of Original Work or
Derivative Works that You distribute or communicate shall be licensed under
this Open Software License;

d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and

e) to display the Original Work publicly.

2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, sublicensable license, under patent claims owned or controlled
by the Licensor that are embodied in the Original Work as furnished by the
Licensor, for the duration of the patents, to make, use, sell, offer for sale,
have made, and import the Original Work and Derivative Works.

3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred
form of the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor agrees to
provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Original Work along
with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor distributes.

4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names
of any contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or
service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
Original Work without express prior permission of the Licensor.

5) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use,
distribution, or communication of the Original Work or Derivative Works in any
way such that the Original Work or Derivative Works may be used by anyone
other than You, whether those works are distributed or communicated to those
persons or made available as an application intended for use over a network.

6) Attribution Rights. You must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative
Works that You create, all copyright, patent, or trademark notices from the
Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any
descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice."

7) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that
the copyright in and to the Original Work and the patent rights granted herein
by Licensor are owned by the Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the
terms of this License with the permission of the contributor(s) of those
copyrights and patent rights. Except as expressly stated in the immediately
preceding sentence, the Original Work is provided under this License on an "AS
IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY.

8) Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE
LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF THIS LICENSE OR
THE USE OF THE ORIGINAL WORK.

9) Acceptance and Termination. If You distribute copies of the Original Work
or a Derivative Work, You must make a reasonable effort under the
circumstances to obtain the express assent of recipients to the terms of this
License. Nothing else but this License grants you permission to create
Derivative Works or to exercise any of the rights granted in Section 1 herein,
and any attempt to do so except under the terms of this License is expressly
prohibited.

10) Mutual Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate
automatically and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You
by this License as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim
or counterclaim, against Licensor or any licensee alleging that the Original
Work infringes a patent.

11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this
License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the
Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under
the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.

12) Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or
seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action.

13) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary
to make it enforceable.
